Staging (#3063)
OpenLiberty/blogs: posts/2023-04-18-23.0.0.4-beta.adoc

---
layout: post
title: "Jakarta Data preview update in Open Liberty 23.0.0.4-beta"
# Do NOT change the categories section
categories: blog
author_picture: https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/mbroz2
author_github: https://github.com/mbroz2
seo-title: Jakarta Data preview update in Open Liberty 23.0.0.4-beta - OpenLiberty.io

> seo-description: Open Liberty 23.0.0.4-beta updates the Jakarta Data preview with an option to combine multiple ways of specifying ordering and sorting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
seo-description: Open Liberty 23.0.0.4-beta updates the Jakarta Data preview with an option to combine multiple ways to specify ordering and sorting.

```

> blog_description: Open Liberty 23.0.0.4-beta updates the Jakarta Data preview with an option to combine multiple ways of specifying ordering and sorting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
blog_description: Open Liberty 23.0.0.4-beta updates the Jakarta Data preview with an option to combine multiple ways to specify ordering and sorting.

```

open-graph-image: https://openliberty.io/img/twitter_card.jpg
open-graph-image-alt: Open Liberty Logo
---
= Jakarta Data preview update in Open Liberty 23.0.0.4-beta
Michal Broz <https://github.com/mbroz2>
:imagesdir: /
:url-prefix:
:url-about: /
//Blank line here is necessary before starting the body of the post.

> Open Liberty 23.0.0.4-beta updates the Jakarta Data preview with an option to combine multiple ways of specifying ordering and sorting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open Liberty 23.0.0.4-beta updates the Jakarta Data preview with an option to combine multiple ways to specify ordering and sorting.

```
